{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red44\green44\blue44;\red172\green194\blue207;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww25100\viewh14200\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa140\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Star Wars Rogue One\
\
A long time ago in a galaxy far, far away\'85\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 [
\i Opens on a shot of a planet which pans up to a view of planetary rings with a small ship flying through them. Switches to a shot of the planet Lah\'92mu and the ship flying through the rings. A shot of the planet closer up with the ship flying towards the surface. The ship flies down across a farm and passes by a white worker droid, who watches the ship. Cuts to a young Jyn Erso running across the rocky plain with the ship following behind her.
\i0 ]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa140\partightenfactor0
\cf2 (
\i Inside the Erso homestead
\i0 )\cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\b \cb3 Young Jyn
\b0 : Mama.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\b \cb3 Lyra
\b0 : We know. Jyn, gather your things, it\'92s time.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 (
\i The ship lands near the Erso homestead.
\i0 )\cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\b \cb3 Saw
\b0 : Hello.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\b \cb3 Lyra
\b0 : Saw, it\'92s Lyra.It\'92s happened. He\'92s come for us.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\b \cb3 Saw
\b0 : You know what to do.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\b \cb3 Galen
\b0 : Jyn, come here. Remember, whatever I do, I do it to protect you. Say you understand.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\b \cb3 Young Jyn
\b0 : I understand.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\b \cb3 Galen Erso
\b0 : I love you, Stardust.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\b \cb3 Young Jyn
\b0 : I love you too, Papa.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\b \cb3 Lyra
\b0 : Galen.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\b \cb3 Galen
\b0 : Go.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 (
\i Outside the home
\i0 )\cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\b \cb3 LYRA
\b0 : Jyn.You know where to go, don\'92t you? Trust the Force.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 (
\i In front of the Erso home stands Director Orson Krennic flanked by Deathtroopers. Galen confronts Krennic.
\i0 )\cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\b \cb3 KRENNIC
\b0 : You\'92re a hard man to find, Galen. But farming? Really, a man of your talents?\cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\b \cb3 GALEN ERSO
\b0 : It\'92s a peaceful life.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\b \cb3 KRENNIC
\b0 : It\'92s lonely, I imagine.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\b \cb3 GALEN ERSO
\b0 : Since Lyra died, yes.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\b \cb3 KRENNIC
\b0 : Oh. Oh. My condolences. Search the house!\cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\b \cb3 DEATHTROOPER
\b0 : Understood.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\b \cb3 GALEN ERSO
\b0 : What is it you want?\cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\b \cb3 KRENNIC
\b0 : The work has stalled, I need you to come back.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\b \cb3 GALEN ERSO
\b0 : I won\'92t do it, Krennic.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\b \cb3 KRENNIC
\b0 : We\'92re on the verge of greatness. We were this close to providing peace, security for the galaxy.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\b \cb3 GALEN ERSO
\b0 : You\'92re confusing peace with terror.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\b \cb3 KRENNIC
\b0 : Do I, huh? You have to start somewhere.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\b \cb3 GALEN ERSO
\b0 : I\'92ll be of no help, Krennic. My mind just isn\'92t what it was. I have trouble remembering, even simple things.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\b \cb3 KRENNIC
\b0 : Galen, you\'92re an inspired scientist but you\'92re a terrible liar. Now I admire the effort, I really do.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 (
\i Lyra emerges from the grass holding a blaster.
\i0 )\cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\b \cb3 KRENNIC
\b0 : Oh look, here\'92s Lyra back from the dead. It\'92s a miracle.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\b \cb3 KRENNIC
\b0 : Stop!\cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\b \cb3 KRENNIC
\b0 : Oh, Lyra. Troublesome as ever.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\b \cb3 LYRA
\b0 : You\'92re not taking him.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\b \cb3 KRENNIC
\b0 : No, of course I\'92m not. I\'92m taking you all. You\'92ll all come. You, your child, You\'92ll all live in comfort.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\b \cb3 LYRA
\b0 : As hostages.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\b \cb3 KRENNIC
\b0 : As \'91heroes of the Empire.\'92\cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\b \cb3 GALEN
\b0 : Lyra. Put it down. Think very carefully.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\b \cb3 LYRA
\b0 : You will never win.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\b \cb3 KRENNIC
\b0 : Do it.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 (
\i A deathtrooper shoots Lyra right as she hits Krennic in the shoulder. Lyra falls down dead.
\i0 )\cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\b \cb3 GALEN
\b0 : Lyra! No!\cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\b \cb3 KRENNIC
\b0 : They have a child. Find it!\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 (
\i Deathtroopers march off to find Jyn
\i0 )\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 (
\i Jyn hides in a cave a climbs into a secret hatch
\i0 )\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 (
\i Later, the hatch is opened. Jyn sees the face of Saw Gerrera.
\i0 )\cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\b \cb3 SAW GERRERA
\b0 : My child. Come.Come.We have a long ride ahead of us.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb3 ROGUE ONE: A Star Wars Story\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 
\b \cb3 Ring of Kafrene
\b0 : Trading Outpost.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\b \cb3 Stormtrooper
\b0 : Check in, security. Cell block 4227. 4227.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb3 Cassian Andor pushes through the crowd and then ducks into an alleyway where he meets Tivik, an informant.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\b \cb3 TIVIK
\b0 : I was about to leave.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\b \cb3 CASSIAN
\b0 : I came as fast as I could.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\b \cb3 TIVIK
\b0 : I have to get back on board. Walk with me.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\b \cb3 CASSIAN
\b0 : Back to Jedha?\cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\b \cb3 TIVIK
\b0 : They\'92ll leave without me!\cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\b \cb3 CASSIAN
\b0 : Easy. You have news from Jedha? Come on.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\b \cb3 TIVIK
\b0 : An Imperial pilot, one of the cargo drivers. He defected yesterday. He\'92s telling people they\'92re making a weapon. The kyber crystals, that\'92s what they\'92re for.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\b \cb3 CASSIAN
\b0 : What kind of weapon?\cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\b \cb3 TIVIK
\b0 : Look, I have to go.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\b \cb3 CASSIAN
\b0 : What kind of weapon?\cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\b \cb3 TIVIK
\b0 : A planet killer. That\'92s what he called it.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 CASSIAN: A planet killer?\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 TIVIK: Someone named Erso sent him. Some old friend of Saw\'92s.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 CASSIAN: Galen Erso? Was it?\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 TIVIK: I don\'92t know! They were looking for Saw when we left.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 CASSIAN: Who else knows this?\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 TIVIK: I have no idea!It\'92s all falling apart. Saw\'92s right, there\'92re spies everywhere.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 A stormtrooper appears in the alleyway\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 STORMTROOPER: What\'92s all this?\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 STORMTROOPER: Come on, let\'92s see some scandocs.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 CASSIAN: Yeah, of course.My gloves?\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Cassian pulls a blaster and kills the stormtroopers.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 TIVIK:No, What\'92ve you done?\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 STORMTROOPERS: Troopers down, section 9.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 TIVIK: Are you crazy? I\'92ll never climb out of here. My arm...\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 STORMTROOPER: Get out of the way. Move! Move! CASSIAN:Calm down.Calm down. We\'92ll be all right.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Cassian shoots Tivik in the back.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb3 JEDHA: Imperial Occupied Moon\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb3 MILITIA: (Sir.)\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 The Militia pulls a bag off of the head of Bodhi Rook, a defected Imperial Pilot.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 BODHI: Is that him?He looks kind of different than I imagined.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 MILITIA: (On your feet! It\'92s the pilot, the defector)\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 BODHI: Okay, so you\'92re--you\'92re Saw Gerrera? Saw Gerrera. No? Okay, we\'92re just wasting time that we don\'92t have. I need to speak to Saw Gerrera! I keep telling them before, before it\'92s too late.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 TWO TUBES: (Keep your heads down! The Imperials will be searching for him\'85)\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 BODHI: We\'92re out here in the middle of nowhere.We need to get to Jedha City.What part of urgent message do you guys not understand? Hey! we\'92re all on the same side, if you just see past the uniform for a minute. I\'92ve got to speak to ah... I\'92ve got to speak to Saw Gerrera.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb3 WOBANI: Imperial Labor Camp\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb3 (Inside a transport)\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 The transport suddenly stops.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 STORMTROOPER: What now?\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 STORMTROOPER:I don\'92t know. Must be another pick up.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 STORMTROOPER:I thought we had everybody.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 The door to the transport bursts open and Rebel Alliance soldiers file in.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 SOLDIER:All clear, sir.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 MELSHI: Hallik! Liana Hallik!\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 SOLDIER: Her.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 MELSHI: You want to get out of here?\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 PRISONER: Hey! What about me?\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Jyn kicks the Rebel and begins to run from the transport.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 K2-SO: [chokeslamming Jyn for trying to escape]Congratulations.You are being rescued. Please do not resist.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb3 YAVIN 4: Rebel Base\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb3 PA: LU-28, report to maintenance level 4.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 (Inside the temple)\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 DRAVEN:You\'92re currently calling yourself Liana Hallik. Is that correct? Possession of unsanctioned weapons, forgery of Imperial documents, aggravated assault,escape from custody, resisting arrest. Imagine if the Imperial authorities had found out who you really were. Jyn Erso? That\'92s your given name, is it not? Jyn Erso? Daughter of Galen Erso. A known Imperial collaborator in weapons development.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 JYN ERSO: What is this?\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 MON MOTHMA: It\'92s a chance for you to make a fresh start.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 CASSIAN: We think you might be able to help us.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 MON MOTHMA: This is Captain Cassian Andor, Rebel Intelligence.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 CASSIAN: When was the last time you were in contact with your father?\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 JYN ERSO: 15 years ago.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 CASSIAN: Any idea where he\'92s been all that time?\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 JYN ERSO: I like to think he\'92s dead, makes things easier.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 CASSIAN: Easier than what? That he\'92s being a tool of the Imperial war machine?\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 JYN ERSO: I\'92ve never had the luxury of political opinions.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 CASSIAN: Really? When was your last contact with Saw Gerrera?\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 JYN ERSO: It\'92s been a long time.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 CASSIAN: He\'92d remember you, though, wouldn\'92t he? He might agree to meet you, if you came as a friend.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 DRAVEN:We\'92re up against the clock here, girl, So if there\'92s nothing to talk about, we\'92ll just put you back where we found you.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 JYN ERSO: I was a child, Saw Gerrera saved my life. He raised me. But I\'92ve no idea where he is. I haven\'92t seen him in years.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 CASSIAN:We know how to find him, that\'92s not our problem. What we need is someone who gets us through the door without being killed.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 JYN ERSO: You\'92re all rebels, aren\'92t you?\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 MON MOTHMA: Yes, but Saw Gerrera\'92s an extremist. He\'92s been fighting on his own since he broke with the Rebellion. His militancy has caused the Alliance a great many problems. We have no choice now but to try to mend that broken trust.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 JYN ERSO: What does this have to do with my father?\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 CASSIAN: There\'92s an Imperial defector in Jedha. A pilot. He\'92s being held by Saw Gerrera. He\'92s claiming the Emperor is creating a weapon with the power to destroy entire planets. The pilot says he was sent by your father.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 MON MOTHMA: We need to stop this weapon before it is finished.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 DRAVEN: Captain Andor\'92s mission is to authenticate the pilot\'92s story and then, if possible, find your father.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 MON MOTHMA: It appears he is critical to the development of this superweapon. Given the gravity of the situation and your history with Saw,we\'92re hoping that he will help us locate your father and return him to the Senate for testimony.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 JYN ERSO: And if I do it?\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 MON MOTHMA: We\'92ll make sure you go free.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb3 (Outside the temple)\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 DRAVEN: Captain Andor!\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 (Inside a U-Wing)\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 K2-SO: I\'92m K-2SO. I\'92m a reprogrammed Imperial droid.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 JYN ERSO: I remember you.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 K2-SO: I see the Council is sending you with us to Jedha.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 JYN ERSO: Apparently so.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 K2-SO: That is a bad idea. I think so, and so does Cassian. What do I know? My specialty is just strategic analysis.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 (Outside the ship)\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 DRAVEN: Galen Erso is vital to the Empire\'92s weapon program. Forget what you heard in there, there will be no extraction. You find him, you kill him.Then and there.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 (Inside the U-Wing)\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 CASSIAN:You met Kay-Tu?\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 JYN ERSO: Charming.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 CASSIAN:He tends to say whatever comes into his circuits. It\'92s a by-product of the reprogram.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 K2-SO: Why does she get a blaster, and I don\'92t?\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 CASSIAN: What.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 JYN ERSO: I know how to use it.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 CASSIAN: That\'92s what I\'92m afraid of. Give it to me.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 JYN ERSO: We\'92re going to Jedha. That\'92s a war zone.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 CASSIAN: That\'92s not the point. Where did you get it?\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 JYN ERSO: I found it.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 K2-SO: I find that answer vague and unconvincing.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 JYN: Trust goes both ways.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Cassian hops into the pilot seat\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 K2-SO: You\'92re letting her keep it? Would you like to know the probability of her using it against you? It\'92s high.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 CASSIAN: Let\'92s get going.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 K2-SO: It\'92s very high.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb3 (Partisan base on Jedha)\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 SAW GERRERA: Lies!Deceptions!Let\'92s see it. Bodhi Rook. Cargo pilot. Local boy, huh?\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 BODHI: Uh-huh.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 TWO TUBES: (This was found in his boot when he was captured)\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 BODHI: Okay, I can hear you.He didn\'92t capture me,I came here myself.I defected, I defected.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 SAW GERRERA: Every day, more lies.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 BODHI: Lies? Would I risk everything for a lie? No, we don\'92t have time for this! I have to speak to Saw Gerrera before it\'92s too late.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 The sack is pulled off of Bodhi\'92s head.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 BODHI: Okay... So, you... Um. Uh.That\'92s-That\'92s for you. And I gave it to them, they did not find it! I gave it to them. Galen Erso. He told me to find you.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 SAW GERRERA: Bor Gullet.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 BODHI: Bor Gullet? Galen Erso sent me! He told me to find you!\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb3 (On the bridge of a Star Destroyer overlooking the construction of the Death Star.)\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 TARKIN: Most unfortunate about the security breach on Jedha, Director Krennic. After so many setbacks and delays, and now this. We\'92ve heard word of rumors circulating through the city. Apparently you\'92ve lost a rather talkative cargo pilot. If the Senate gets wind of our project, countless systems will flock to the Rebellion.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 KRENNIC: When the battle station is finished, Governor Tarkin, the Senate will be of little concern.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 TARKIN: When has become now, Director Krennic. The Emperor will tolerate no further delay, you have made time an ally of the Rebellion. I suggest, we solve both problems simultaneously with an immediate test of the weapon. Failure will find you explaining why to a far less patient audience.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 KRENNIC:I will not fail.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Tarkin watches the superlaser be set into place, completing the Death Star.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb3 Inside Jyn\'92s dream, she sees herself as a little girl.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 GALEN:What\'92s the matter, Jyn? You looked frightened.I\'92ll always protect you. Stardust. Don\'92t ever change.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 LYRA: Trust...\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 LYRA: Galen.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb3 Jyn wakes up\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 CASSIAN:We\'92re coming into orbit.You have controls.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 The U-Wing lands in front of a view of the Holy City of Jedha with a Star Destroyer hovering over. Multiple smaller shuttles are going back and forth between the destroyer and the city.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 CASSIAN: That\'92s Jedha.Or what\'92s left of it. We find Saw, we find your father.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 JYN:What\'92s with the Destroyer?\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 CASSIAN:It\'92s because of your old friend, Saw Gerrera. He\'92s been attacking the cargo shipments.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 JYN:What are they bringing in?\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 CASSIAN: It\'92s \'91what are they taking out?\'92 Kyber crystal. All they can get. We wondered why they were stripping the temple, now we know.It\'92s the fuel for the weapon.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 K2-SO: The weapon your father\'92s building.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 JYN ERSO: Maybe we should leave target practice behind.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 K2-SO: Are you talking about me?\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 CASSIAN:She\'92s right.We need to blend in. Stay with the ship.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 K2-SO: I can blend in. I\'92m an Imperial droid. This city is under Imperial occupation\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 JYN ERSO: Half the people here want to reprogram you. The other half want to put a hole in your head.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 K2-SO: I\'92m surprised you\'92re so concerned with my safety.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 JYN ERSO: I\'92m not. I\'92m just worried they might miss you and hit me.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 K2-SO: Doesn\'92t sound so bad to me.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb3 (In the Partisan base.)\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Bodhi is strapped to a chair. A strange bloblike alien with long tentacles emerges from the darkness.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 SAW GERRERA: Bor Gullet can feel your thoughts, No lie is safe.What have you really brought me, cargo pilot? Bor Gullet will know the truth.The unfortunate side effect, is that one tends to lose one\'92s mind.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Bor Gullet\'92s tentacles begin to wrap around Bodhi and stroke his head, reaching into his thoughts.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 BODHI: No.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb3 (In the Holy City of Jedha)\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Cassian and Jyn walk through a crowd. Jyn bumps into Dr. Evazan and Ponda Baba\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 DR. EVAZAN: Hey, you just watch yourself.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 CASSIAN: No, no.Tourist, we don\'92t want any trouble, sorry. Come on. Come on.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 STORMTROOPER: Citizens of Jedha, you must come forward with information of the location of this missing cargo pilot. A reward of 600 credits for the information shall be awarded.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 CASSIAN: I had a contact, one of Saw\'92s rebels, but he\'92s just gone missing.His sister will be looking for him. The temple\'92s been destroyed but she\'92ll be there waiting. We\'92ll give her your name and hope that gets us a meeting with Saw.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 JYN: Hope?\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 CASSIAN: Yeah. Rebellions are built on hope.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 STORMTROOPER: (To a citizen of Jedha City) Hands where I can see them. Get over there. Show me some identification. Check inside.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 JYN: Is this all because of your pilot?\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 She notices Chirrut Imwe sitting beside the street.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 CHIRRUT: May the Force of others be with you. May the Force of others be with you.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 CASSIAN: Wait for me.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Cassian leaves.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 CHIRRUT: May the Force of others be with you. May the Force of others be with you.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 CHIRRUT: (To Jyn) Would you trade that necklace for a glimpse into your future? Yes, I\'92m speaking to you. I am Chirrut \'cemwe.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 JYN ERSO: How did you know I was wearing a necklace?\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 CHIRRUT: For that answer you must pay. What do you know of kyber crystals?\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 JYN ERSO: My father, he said they powered the Jedi lightsabers.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Cassian returns.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 CASSIAN: Jyn. Come on, let\'92s go.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 CHIRRUT: The strongest stars have hearts of kyber.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 CASSIAN: Let\'92s go. We\'92re not here to make friends.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 JYN ERSO: Who are they?\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 CASSIAN: The Guardians of the Whills. Protectors of the Kyber Temple. But there\'92s nothing left to protect, so now they\'92re just causing trouble for everybody.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 JYN ERSO: You seem awfully tense all of a sudden.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 CASSIAN: We have to hurry. This town, it\'92s ready to blow.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 STORMTROOPER: Citizens of the Empire, Imperial forces...\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 The stormtrooper tank explodes and Partisans begin fighting the stormtroopers.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 JYN: Tell me you have a backup plan.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 STORMTROOPER: Incoming.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 STORMTROOPER: Put your guns down.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 STORMTROOPER: Behind us.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 JYN: Looks like we found Saw\'92s rebels.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Jyn sees a small child standing in the danger, crying. She runs to save her.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 CASSIAN: Jyn, no!\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 the child\'92s mother quickly arrives and takes her daughter.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 MOTHER: Thank you.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 STORMTROOPER: Hit the tower.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 CITIZEN: Get out of there!\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 CITIZEN: Quickly, the kyber, get it. Here, take the kyber. Take the kyber. Come on!\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 CASSIAN: This way!\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 They are surprised by an imperial droid that looks exactly like K2-SO. Jyn shoots it and it falls to the ground. K2-SO walks out from behind it.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 K2-SO: Did you know that wasn\'92t me?\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 JYN ERSO: Of course!\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 CASSIAN:I thought I told you to stay on the ship.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 K2-SO: You did, but I thought it was boring, and you were in trouble. There are a lot of explosions for two people blending in.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 A grenade sails towards K2-SO and he catches it without looking and throws it backwards towards a group of stormtroopers.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 STORMTROOPER:Freeze right there...\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 The grenade explodes, killing the stormtroopers.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 K2-SO: You\'92re right, I should just wait on the ship.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Cassian, Jyn and K2-SO walk into a clearing with multiple stormtroopers.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 STORMTROOPER:Halt! Stop right there!\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 STORMTROOPER:Where are you taking these prisoners?\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 K2-SO: These are prisoners.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 STORMTROOPER: Yes. Where are you taking them?\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 K2-SO: I am taking them... to imprison them. In prison.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 CASSIAN: He\'92s taking us to...\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 K2-SO slaps Cassian.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 K2-SO: Quiet! And there\'92s a fresh one if you mouth off again!\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 STORMTROOPER: We\'92ll take them from here.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 K2-SO: That\'92s okay. If you could just point me in the right direction, I can take them, I\'92m sure. I\'92ve taken them this far\'85\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 CASSIAN: Hey, wait a second.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 STORMTROOPER: Take them away.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 K2-SO: Wait!\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 STORMTROOPER: Hey, droid.You can\'92t take them away! You stay here. We need to check your diagnostics.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 K2-SO: Diagnostics? I\'92m capable of running my own diagnostics, thank you very much.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Chirrut emerges from a doorway.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 CHIRRUT: Let them pass in peace! Let them pass in peace. The Force is with me, and I am with the Force. And I fear nothing, for all is as the Force wills it.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 STORMTROOPER: Hey! Stop right there!\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 STORMTROOPER: He\'92s blind.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 STORMTROOPER: Is he deaf?\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 STORMTROOPER: I said: Stop right there!\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Chirrut stops. Listening closely to the stormtroopers\'92 movements. At the right moment, he springs into action, easily beating up the stormtroopers.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 CHIRRUT: Is your foot all right?\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Chirrut knocks down the last stormtrooper, but many more surround him. Suddenly, rapid blaster fire kills all the stormtroopers. The blaster fire has come from Chirrut\'92s friend, Baze Malbus.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 CHIRRUT: You almost shot me.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 BAZE: You\'92re welcome.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Cassian, Jyn and K2-SO emerge from a hiding spot.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 K2-SO: Clear of hostiles!\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Baze aims his blaster at K2-SO\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 K2-SO: One hostile!\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 JYN: He\'92s with us!\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 CHIRRUT:They\'92re all right.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 JYN:Thanks.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 K2-SO: Cassian, I\'92m sorry about the slap.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 CASSIAN: Go back to the ship. Wait for my call.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 CASSIAN: Is he a Jedi?\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 BAZE: There are no Jedi here anymore. Only dreamers like this fool.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 CHIRRUT: The Force did protect me.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 BAZE: I protected you.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 JYN: Can you get us to Saw Gerrera?\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 CHIRRUT: Can\'92t you see we are no friends of the Empire?\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 The Partisans suddenly surround the group\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 TWO TUBES: (Tell that to the one who killed our men.)\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 JYN ERSO: Anyone who kills me or my friends will answer to Saw Gerrera.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 TWO TUBES: (And why Is that?)\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 JYN ERSO: Because I am the daughter of Galen Erso.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 TWO TUBES: (Take them!)\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Sacks are put over everyone\'92s heads.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 CHIRRUT: Are you kidding me? I\'92m blind!\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb3 (Inside the prison cells in the Partisan base.)\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 CHIRRUT: I\'92m one with the Force and the Force is with me. I\'92m one with the Force and the Force is with me.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 BAZE: You pray?\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 CHIRRUT: I\'92m one with the Force and the Force is with me.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 BAZE: Really?\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 CHIRRUT: I\'92m one with the Force and the Force is with me.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 BAZE: He\'92s praying for the door to open. CHIRRUT: It bothers him, because he knows it is possible. Baze Malbus was once the most devoted Guardian of us all.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 CASSIAN: I\'92m beginning to think the Force and I have different priorities.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 BAZE: Relax, Captain. We\'92ve been in worse cages than this one.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 CASSIAN: This is a first for me.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 CHIRRUT: There is more than one sort of prison, Captain, I sense that you carry yours wherever you go.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb3 (Outside of the prison cells)\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 SAW GERRERA: Jyn. Is it really you? I can\'92t believe it.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 JYN ERSO: Must be quite a surprise.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 SAW GERRERA: Are we not still friends?\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 JYN ERSO: The last time I saw you, you gave me a knife and loaded blaster and told me to wait in a bunker until daylight.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 SAW GERRERA: I knew you were safe.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 JYN ERSO: You left me behind.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 SAW GERRERA: You were already the best soldier in my cadre.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 JYN ERSO: I was sixteen.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 SAW GERRERA: I was protecting you!\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 JYN ERSO: You dumped me!\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 SAW GERRERA: You were the daughter of an Imperial science officer! People were starting to figure that out. People who wanted to- to use you as a hostage. Not a day goes by that I don\'92t think of you. But today, of all days? It\'92s a trap, isn\'92t it?\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 JYN ERSO: What?\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 SAW GERRERA: The pilot! The message. All of it. Did they... send you? Did you come here to kill me? There\'92s not much of me left.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 JYN ERSO: The Alliance wants my father.They think he\'92s sent you a message about a weapon. I guess they think by sending me you might actually help them out.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 SAW GERRERA: So what is it that you want, Jyn?\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 JYN: They wanted an introduction, they\'92ve got it. I\'92m out now. The rest of you can do what you want.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 SAW GERRERA: You care not about the cause?\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 JYN: The cause? Seriously? The Alliance? The...The rebels? Whatever it is you\'92re calling yourself these days?All it\'92s ever brought me is pain.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 SAW GERRERA: You can stand to see the Imperial flag reign across the galaxy?\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 JYN: It\'92s not a problem if you don\'92t look up.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 SAW GERRERA: I have something to show you, come.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb3 (On the Death Star)\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 TARKIN: The Emperor is awaiting my report.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 KRENNIC: One had hoped that he and Lord Vader might have been here for such an occasion.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 TARKIN: And I thought it prudent to save you from any potential embarrassment.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 KRENNIC:Your concern is hardly warranted.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 TARKIN: If saying it would only make it so.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 KRENNIC:All Imperial forces, have been evacuated, and I stand ready to destroy the entire moon.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 TARKIN: That won\'92t be necessary. We need a statement, not a manifesto. The Holy City will be enough for the day. KRENNIC: Target Jedha City, prepare single reactor ignition.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 PTERRO: Sir, we\'92re in position, ready to...\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 KRENNIC: Fire!\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 PTERRO: Commence primary ignition.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb3 (In the Partisan prison)CHIRRUT: Who\'92s the one in the next cell?\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 CASSIAN: What? Where?\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Baze looks through the hole in the wall and sees Bodhi\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 BAZE: An Imperial pilot.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 CASSIAN: Pilot?\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 BAZE: I\'92m going to kill him!\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 CASSIAN: No, no, No, wait!\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 BAZE: Come here!\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 CASSIAN: NO!\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 BAZE: Back off. Back off.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 CASSIAN: Okay.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 CASSIAN: Are you the pilot? Hey, hey are you the pilot? The shuttle pilot? Pilot?\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 CHIRRUT: What\'92s wrong with him?\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 CASSIAN:Galen Erso. You know that name?\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 BODHI: I brought the message, I\'92m the pilot. I\'92m the pilot. I\'92m the pilot.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 CASSIAN: Okay, good. Now where is Galen Erso?\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb3 (On the Death Star)\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 GUNNER: Standby.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb3 (In the Partisan base)\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 SAW GERRERA: This is the message I was sent.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 The holoprojector lights up and a hologram of Galen Erso appears.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 GALEN ERSO: Saw, if you\'92re watching this, then perhaps there is a chance to save the Alliance. Perhaps there\'92s a chance to explain myself and, though I don\'92t dare hope for too much, a chance for Jyn, if she\'92s alive, if you can possibly find her to let her know that my love for her has never faded and how desperately I\'92ve missed her. Jyn, my Stardust, I can\'92t imagine what you think of me. When I was taken, I faced some bitter truths. I was told that, soon enough, Krennic would have you as well. As time went by, I knew that you were either dead or so well hidden that he would never find you. I knew if I refused to work, if I took my own life, it would only be a matter of time before Krennic realized he no longer needed me to complete the project. So I did the one thing that nobody expected: I lied. I learned to lie. I played the part of a beaten man resigned to the sanctuary of his work. I made myself indispensable, and all the while I laid the groundwork of my revenge. We call it the Death Star. There is no better name. And the day is coming soon when it will be unleashed. I\'92ve placed a weakness deep within the system. A flaw so small and powerful, they\'92ll never find it. But, Jyn. Jyn, if you\'92re listening My beloved, so much of my life has been wasted. I try to think of you only in the moments when I\'92m strong, because the pain of not having you with me Your mother. Our family. The pain of that loss is so overwhelming I risk failing even now. It\'92s just so hard not to think of you. Think of where you are. My Stardust. Saw, the reactor module, that\'92s the key. That\'92s the place I\'92ve laid my trap. It\'92s well hidden and unstable, one blast to any part of it will destroy the entire station.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 The Death Star blasts the Holy City of Jedha, vaporizing it in an instant.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 GALEN ERSO: You\'92ll need the plans, the structural plans for the Death Star to find the reactor. I know there\'92s a complete engineering archive in the data vault at the Citadel Tower on Scarif. Any pressurized explosion to the reactor module will set off a chain reaction that will destroy the entire station...\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 The hologram cuts off because of the earthquake going through the Partisan base due to the Death Star\'92s fire.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 CASSIAN: Go. Go.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 CASSIAN:(Over the comms)K-2? K-2, where are you?\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 K2-SO: There you are. I\'92m standing by as you requested. Although there\'92s a problem on the horizon. There is no horizon.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 CASSIAN: Locate our position. Bring that ship in here now!\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 CHIRRUT:Where are you going?\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 CASSIAN: I\'92ve got to find Jyn. Get the pilot. We need him.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 BAZE: All right. I\'92ll get the pilot.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 BAZE: Pilot.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 He aims his blaster at Bodhi\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 BODHI: No, no, no.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 He fires but the blaster hits the cell door, freeing Bodhi.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 BAZE: Let\'92s go.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 CASSIAN: Jyn! We\'92ve got to go. I know where your father is.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 SAW GERRERA: Go with him, Jyn. You must go.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 JYN ERSO: Come with us.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 SAW GERRERA: I will run no longer.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 CASSIAN: Come on.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 JYN ERSO: But you must save yourself.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 CASSIAN: Come on.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 SAW GERRERA: Go! There\'92s no time! Save the Rebellion! Save the dream!\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb3 (On the Death Star)\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 KRENNIC: Oh. It\'92s beautiful.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb3 (Outside the Partisan base)\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 BAZE: Chirrut, let\'92s go! CASSIAN: [to Bodhi]Come on! Let\'92s get out of here!\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 They all pile into the U-Wing\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 CASSIAN: Get us out of here! Punch it!\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 K2-SO: I\'92m not very optimistic about our odds.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 CASSIAN: Let\'92s not, K. Come on! Punch it.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 K2-SO:I haven\'92t completed my calculation.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 CASSIAN: I\'92ll make them for you.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 The U-Wing shifts into hyperspace and zips away from Jedha.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb3 (On the Death Star)\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 TARKIN:I believe I owe you an apology, Director Krennic. Your work exceeds all expectations.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 KRENNIC: And you\'92ll tell the Emperor as much?\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 TARKIN: I will tell him his patience with your misadventures has been rewarded with a weapon that will bring a swift end to the Rebellion.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 KRENNIC: That was only an inkling of it\'92s destructive potential. TARKIN:I will tell him, that I will be taking control over the weapon I first spoke of years ago effective immediately.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 KRENNIC: We stand here amid my achievement not yours!\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 TARKIN:I\'92m afraid these recent security breaches have laid bare your inadequacies as a military director.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 KRENNIC: The breaches have been filled, Jedha has been silenced.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 TARKIN:You think this pilot acted alone? He was dispatched from the installation on Eadu. Galen Erso\'92s facility.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 KRENNIC: We\'92ll see about this.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb3 (In the Rebel base on Yavin 4)\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 REBEL: A coded message from Captain Andor, sir. Weapon confirmed. Jedha destroyed. Mission target located on Eadu. Please advise.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 GENERAL DRAVEN: Destroyed? Proceed. Tell him my orders still stand. Tell him to proceed with haste and keep to the plan. We have no idea what he is building for the Empire. We have to kill Galen Erso while we have the chance.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb3 (In hyperspace, in the U-Wing.)\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 CHIRRUT: Baze, tell me. All of it? The whole city?Tell me.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 BODHI: All of it.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 CASSIAN: Understood. Set a course for Eadu.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 K2-SO: Setting course for Eadu.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 JYN: Is that where my father is?\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 CASSIAN: I think so.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 BODHI: So you\'92re Galen\'92s daughter.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 JYN: You know him?\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 BODHI: I\'92m Bodhi, the pilot.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 JYN: You brought the message.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 BODHI: Yes, your father... He said I could get right by myself.He said I could make it right, if I was brave enough and listened to what was in my heart. Do something about it. Guess it was too late.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 JYN: It wasn\'92t too late.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 BODHI: Seems pretty late to me.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 JYN: No. We can beat the people who did this. My father\'92s message, I\'92ve seen it.They call it the Death Star. But they have no idea there\'92s a way to defeat it. You\'92re wrong about my father.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 CASSIAN: He did build it.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 JYN: Because he knew they\'92d do it without him. My father made a choice. He sacrificed himself for the Rebellion. He\'92s rigged a trap inside it.That\'92s why he sent you. To bring that message.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 CASSIAN: Where is it? Where\'92s the message?\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 JYN: It was a hologram.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 CASSIAN: You have that message, right?\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 JYN: Everything happened so fast.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 CASSIAN: Did you see it?\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 JYN: You don\'92t believe me.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 CASSIAN: I\'92m not the one you\'92ve got to convince.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 CHIRRUT: I believe her.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 CASSIAN: That\'92s good to know.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 BAZE:What kind of trap? You said your father made a trap.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 JYN: The reactor. He\'92s placed a weakness there. He\'92s been hiding it for years. He said if you can blow the reactor- the module- the whole system goes down. You need to send word to the Alliance.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 CASSIAN: I\'92ve done that.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 JYN: They have to know there\'92s a way to destroy this thing. They have to go to Scarif to get the plans.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 CASSIAN: I can\'92t risk sending that. We\'92re in the heart of Imperial territory.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 JYN:Then we\'92ll find him. And bring him back, and he can tell them himself.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb3 (On the Death Star)\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 PTERRO: Course set for Eadu, sir.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb3 EADU: Imperial Research Facility\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb3 The U-Wing flies carefully through the rainy, dark canyons of Eadu.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 CHIRRUT: I\'92m one with the Force and the Force is with me.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 K2-SO: 20 degrees to the right. 10 degrees up.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 BODHI: No, no, no, lower. Lower!\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 K2-SO: Are you sure this is the way?\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 BODHI: They have landing trackers. They have patrol squadrons. You\'92ve got to stay in the canyon, keep it low.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 CASSIAN: Watch your right!\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 K2-SO: There\'92s a 26% chance of failure.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 CASSIAN: How much farther?\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 BODHI: I don\'92t know. I\'92m not sure, I never really come this way, but we\'92re close, we\'92re close. I know that.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 K2-SO: Well, now there\'92s a 35% chance of failure.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 BODHI: I don\'92t want to know, thank you.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 K2-SO: I understand.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 BODHI: Now! Put it down now!\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 K2-SO: The wind...\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 BODHI: If you keep going, you\'92ll be right over the shuttle depot. Watch out!\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 The U-wwwWing hits its engine on a rock and the ship begins to fall.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 K2-SO: Hey!\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 CASSIAN: Hold on tight! We\'92re coming down hard!\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb3 (On Yavin 4)\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 DRAVEN: Try them again.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 REBEL: I am, sir. We... The signal\'92s gone dead.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 DRAVEN: Squadron up, target Eadu.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb3 (On Eadu)\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 BODHI: How about now, check stabilizers?\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 CASSIAN: Bodhi, where\'92s the lab?\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 BODHI: The research facility?\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 CASSIAN: Yeah. Where is it?\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 BODHI: It\'92s just over the ridge.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 CASSIAN: And that\'92s a shuttle depot straight ahead of us? You are sure of that?\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 BODHI: Yes.We\'92ll have to hope there\'92s still an Imperial ship left to steal.\'a0\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 CASSIAN: Here\'92s what we\'92re doing. Hopefully, the storm keeps up and keeps us hidden down here.Bodhi, you\'92re coming with me. We\'92ll go up the ridge and check it out.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 JYN: I\'92m coming with you.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 CASSIAN: No, your father\'92s message, we can\'92t risk it. You\'92re the messenger.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 JYN: That\'92s ridiculous. We all got the message.Everyone here knows it. K2-SO:One blast to the reactor module and the whole system goes down. That\'92s how you said it. The whole system goes down.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 CASSIAN: Get to work fixing our comms! All I want to do right now is get a handle on what we\'92re up against.So, we\'92re going to go very small and very carefully up the rise and see what\'92s what. Let\'92s get out of here.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 CHIRRUT: Does he look like a killer?\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 BAZE: No. He has the face of a friend.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 JYN: Who are you talking about?\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 CHIRRUT: Captain Andor.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 JYN: Why do you ask that? What do you mean, does he look like a killer?\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 CHIRRUT: The Force moves darkly near a creature that\'92s about to kill.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 K2-SO: His weapon was in the sniper configuration.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb3 (On a rocky ridge.)\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 BODHI: No, no, no... We got to go up. You can\'92t see much from down there. This way.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 CASSIAN:I\'92ll be right behind you. Come on.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb3 (In the crashed U-Wing.)\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 BAZE: Where are you going?\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 CHIRRUT: I\'92m going to follow Jyn. Her path is clear.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 BAZE: Alone? Good luck!\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 CHIRRUT: I don\'92t need luck, I have you!\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 K2-SO: What are they doing? If Cassian comes back, we\'92re leaving without them.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb3 (On a ridge overlooking the Imperial Research Facility.)\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 CASSIAN: You see Erso out there?\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 BAZE:We\'92ve come too far.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 CHIRRUT:Patience, my friend.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 BODHI: That\'92s him. That\'92s him, Galen, in the dark suit.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 CASSIAN:Get back down there, and find us a ride out of here.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 BODHI: What are you doing?\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 CASSIAN: You heard me.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 BODHI: You said we came up here just to have a look.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 CASSIAN:I\'92m here, I\'92m looking. Go. Hurry!\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb3 (On the landing platform in front of the research facility.)\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Krennic\'92s ship is landed and he walks out, flanked by deathtroopers, towards a group KRENNIC: Excellent news, Galen. The battle station is complete. You must be very proud.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 GALEN ERSO: Proud as I can be, Krennic.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 KRENNIC: Gather your engineers, I have an announcement. Is that all of them?\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 GALEN ERSO: Yes.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 KRENNIC: Gentlemen.One of you betrayed the Empire. One of you has conspired with a pilot to send messages to the Rebellion. And I urge that traitor step forward.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 KRENNIC: Very well, I\'92ll consider it a group effort, then. Ready!\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 ENGINEER: No.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 ENGINEER: No, please.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 KRENNIC: Aim... and...\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 ENGINEER: No, no.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 KRENNIC: fire!\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 GALEN ERSO:Stop! Stop! Krennic, stop. It was me. It was me. They have nothing to do with it. Spare them.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 KRENNIC: Fire!\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 KRENNIC: How do I know the weapon is complete?\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 GALEN ERSO: Let me share with you some details.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb3 K2-SO: Cassian. Cassian, can you hear me?\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 CASSIAN: I\'92m here.You got it working.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 K2-SO:Affirmative yes, although we have a problem! There\'92s an Alliance squadron approaching.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 REBEL PILOT: Clear the area!\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 CASSIAN: No. No, no, no!Tell them to hold up!Jyn\'92s on that platform!\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb3 KRENNIC: Jedha. Saw Gerrera.His band of fanatics. Their Holy City. The last reminder of the Jedi. Gone.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 GALEN: You\'92ll never win.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 KRENNIC:Now where have I heard that before?\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb3 K2-SO:Relay from Captain Andor.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 REBEL: General.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 K2-SO: Captain Andor requesting a delay on squadron support. Alliance forces onsite.Please confirm.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 DRAVEN: Get the squadron leader on, Get him on now!\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 REBEL:They\'92re already engaged, sir.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb3 CASSIAN: Dead. No.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 KRENNIC: Return fire! To your stations. Get our fighters in the air now!\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 JYN:Father!\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb3 STORMTROOPER: Go, go, go, go.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 STORMTROOPER: Fall back! Fall back!\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 PTERRO: Director, we need to evacuate.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 JYN: Papa. Papa, it\'92s me. It\'92s Jyn.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 GALEN ERSO: Jyn.Stardust.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 JYN: Papa.I\'92ve seen your message. The hologram, I\'92ve seen it.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 GALEN ERSO: It must be destroyed.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 JYN: I know. I know. We will.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 GALEN ERSO: Jyn.Look at you.I\'92ve so much to tell you.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 JYN: Papa.No. No. Papa!Papa! Come on.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 STORMTROOPER: Over there, take them down.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 CASSIAN: Come on. Jyn, we\'92ve got to go. Come on.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 JYN: I can\'92t leave him,\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 CASSIAN: Listen to me. He\'92s gone. There\'92s nothing you can do. Come on.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 JYN: I can\'92t leave him.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 CASSIAN: Come on! Help me. Move!\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 CASSIAN: Down!\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 CASSIAN:Come on. Come on.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 K2-SO: Well done.You\'92re a Rebel now.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 CASSIAN: Let\'92s go, let\'92s go. Come on, let\'92s move! Come on, let\'92s get out of here. Move, move, move. Okay, K-2, let\'92s go.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 K-2SO: Copy that.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb3 CASSIAN: Ion thrusters low until we cleared the storm.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 K2-SO: Understood.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 JYN: You lied to me.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 CASSIAN: You\'92re in shock.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 JYN: You went up there to kill my father.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 CASSIAN: You don\'92t know what you\'92re talking about.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 JYN: Deny it.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 CASSIAN: You\'92re in shock, and looking for someplace to put it.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 JYN: I\'92ve seen it before.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 CASSIAN: I bet you have.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 JYN: They know.You lied about why we came here and you lied about why you went up alone.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 CASSIAN: I had every chance to pull the trigger. But did I? Did I?\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 JYN: You might as well have. My father was living proof and you put him at risk. Those were Alliance bombs that killed him!\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 CASSIAN: I had orders! Orders that I disobeyed! But you wouldn\'92t understand that.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 JYN: Orders?When you know they\'92re wrong? You might as well be a stormtrooper.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 CASSIAN: What do you know? We don\'92t all have the luxury of deciding when and where we want to care about something. Suddenly the Rebellion is real for you? Some of us live it. I\'92ve been in this fight since I was 6 years old. You\'92re not the only one who lost everything. Some of us just decided to do something about it.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 JYN: You can\'92t talk your way around this.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 CASSIAN: I don\'92t have to. Yavin Four! Make sure they know we\'92re coming in with a stolen ship.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Anybody else?\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb3 VANEE: My lord, Director Krennic has arrived.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 DARTH VADER: Director Krennic.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 KRENNIC: Lord Vader.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 DARTH VADER:You seem unsettled.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 KRENNIC:No. Just pressed for time. There\'92re a great many things to attend to.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 DARTH VADER:My apologies. You do have a great many things to explain.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 KRENNIC:I\'92ve delivered the weapon the Emperor requested. I deserve an audience to make certain he understands its remarkable\'85 potential.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 DARTH VADER:Its power to create problems has certainly been confirmed. A city destroyed. An Imperial facility openly attacked.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 KRENNIC:It was Governor Tarkin that suggested the test.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 DARTH VADER:You were not summoned here to grovel, Director Krennic.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 KRENNIC: No, it\'92s...\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 DARTH VADER: There is no Death Star. The Senate has been informed that Jedha was destroyed in a mining disaster.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 KRENNIC:Yes, my lord.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 DARTH VADER:I expect you to not rest until you can assure the Emperor that Galen Erso has not compromised this weapon in any way.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 KRENNIC:So I\'92m still in command? You\'92ll speak to the Emperor about\'85\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 DARTH VADER:Be careful not to choke on your aspirations, Director.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb3 PAMLO: We must scatter the fleet. We have no recourse but to surrender.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 ORGANA: Are we really talking about disbanding something that we\'92ve worked so hard to create?\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 RADDUS: We can\'92t just give in.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 VASPAR: We joined an Alliance, not a suicide pact!\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 ORGANA: We\'92ve only now managed to gather our forces.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 JEBEL: Gather our forces? General Draven\'92s already blown up an Imperial base!\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 DRAVEN: A decision needed to be made.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 PAMLO: If it\'92s war you want, you\'92ll fight alone!\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 VASPAR: If that\'92s the way it\'92s going, why have an Alliance at all?\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 RADDUS: If she\'92s telling the truth, we need to act now!\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 MON MOTHMA: Councilors, please!\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 MERRICK: It is simple, the Empire has the means of mass destruction. The Rebellion does not.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 JEBEL: A Death Star, this is nonsense.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 JYN ERSO: What reason would my father have to lie? What benefit would it bring him?\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 DRAVEN:To lure our forces into a final battle. To destroy us once and for all. VASPAR:To risk everything, based on what? The testimony of a criminal? The dying words of her father, an Imperial scientist?\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 JEBEL: Don\'92t forget the Imperial pilot.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 JYN ERSO: My father gave his life so that we may have a chance to defeat this.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 DODONNA: So you\'92ve told us.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 PAMLO: If the Empire has this kind of power, what chance do we have?\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 JYN: What chance do we have? The question is \'91What choice?\'92 Run? Hide? Plead for mercy? Scatter your forces? You give way to an enemy this evil with this much power and you condemn the galaxy to an eternity of submission. The time to fight is now!\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 REBEL: Yes.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 JYN: Every moment you waste is another step closer to the ashes of Jedha.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 REBEL: What is she proposing?\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 REBEL: Just let the girl speak!\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 JYN ERSO: Send your best troops to Scarif.Send the whole rebel fleet if you have to. We need to capture the Death Star plans if there is any hope of destroying it.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 PAMLO: You\'92re asking us to invade an Imperial installation based on nothing but hope?\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 JYN ERSO: Rebellions are built on hope.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 VASPAR: There is no hope.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 RADDUS: I say we fight.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 JEBEL: I say the Rebellion is finished.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 MON MOTHMA: I\'92m sorry, Jyn. Without the full support of the council, the odds are too great.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb3 PA: General Syndulla, please report to the briefing room.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 BAZE:You don\'92t look happy.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 JYN: They prefer to surrender.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 BAZE: And you?\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 CHIRRUT: She wants to fight.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 BODHI: So do I. We all do.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 CHIRRUT: The Force is strong.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 JYN: I\'92m not sure four of us is quite enough.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 BAZE: How many do we need?\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 JYN: What are you talking about?\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 CASSIAN:They were never going to believe you.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 JYN: I appreciate the support.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 CASSIAN: But I do. I believe you.We\'92d like to volunteer. Some of us... ... most of us, we\'92ve done terrible things on behalf of the Rebellion. We\'92re spies. Saboteurs. Assassins. Everything I did, I did for the Rebellion. And every time I walked away from something I wanted to forget I told myself it was for a cause that I believed in. A cause that was worth it. Without that, we\'92re lost.Everything we\'92ve done would have been for nothing. I couldn\'92t face myself if I gave up now. None of us could. It won\'92t be comfortable.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 BODHI: It\'92ll be a bit cramped, but we\'92ll all fit.We could go.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 CASSIAN: Okay. Gear up. Grab anything that\'92s not nailed down. Go, go, go!\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 K2-SO: Jyn. I\'92ll be there for you. Cassian said I had to.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 JYN: I\'92m not used to people sticking around when things go bad.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 CASSIAN: Welcome home.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb3 PA: Bravo team to the Intelligence office for extraction mission report.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 JYN: May the Force be with us.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 FLIGHT CONTROLLER: Cargo shuttle, read back, please. What\'92s going on out there? That ship\'92s off limits. No one is suppose to be on board until farther instructions.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 BODHI: Yes, yes we are. Affirmative.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 FLIGHT CONTROLLER: That\'92s an impounded Imperial ship. What\'92s your call sign, pilot?\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 BODHI: Um.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 JYN ERSO: We have to go.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 BODHI:It-It\'92s um...\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 JYN: Say something. Come on.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 BODHI: Rogue... Rogue One.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 FLIGHT CONTROLLER: Rogue One? There is no Rogue One.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 K2-SO: Well, there is now.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 BODHI: Rogue One, pulling away.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 K2-SO: Pulling away.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb3 MON MOTHMA: Despite what the others say, war is inevitable.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 SENATOR ORGANA: Yes, I agree. I must return to Alderaan to inform my people that there will be no peace. We will need every advantage.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 MON MOTHMA: Your friend, the Jedi.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 SENATOR ORGANA: He served me well during the Clone Wars and has lived in hiding since the Emperor\'92s purge. Yes, I will send for him.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 MON MOTHMA: You\'92ll need someone you can trust.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 SENATOR ORGANA: I would trust her with my life. Captain Antilles, I have a mission for you.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 CAPTAIN ANTILLES: Senator.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb3 BODHI: Okay, we\'92re coming in. There\'92s a planetwide defensive shield with a single main entry gate. This shuttle should be equipped with an access code that allows us through.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 K2-SO: Assuming, the Empire hasn\'92t logged it as overdue.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 BODHI: Or stolen. JYN:And if they have?\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 BODHI:Then,they shut the gate and we\'92re all annihilated in the cold, dark vacuum of space.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 K2-SO: Not me, I can survive in space.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 BODHI: Okay. Here it goes. Cargo shuttle SW-0608 requesting a landing pad.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 SHIELD GATE OFFICER: Cargo shuttle SW-0608, you\'92re not listed on the arrival schedule.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 BODHI: Acknowledged, Gate Control. We were rerouted from Eadu Flight Station. Transmitting clearance code now.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 K2-SO: Transmitting.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 SHIELD GATE OFFICER: Cargo shuttle SW-0608? You are cleared for entry.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 BODHI:- Yes!\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 K2-SO: Impressive.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 JYN: I\'92ll tell the others.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 BODHI: Okay.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb3 FLIGHT CONTROLLER: SW-0608 clear for landing pad 9. Acknowledge, please.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 BODHI: SW-0608 proceeding to LP9 as instructed.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 CASSIAN: The main building down there, what is it?\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 BODHI:That\'92s the Citadel Tower. They keep all the Imperial structure archives in there. If the plans are anywhere, they\'92ll be there.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 CASSIAN: The dish at the top? What\'92s it for?\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 BODHI: I guess it takes a lot of signals to send those data files out.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 K2-SO: Landing track engaged\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 BODHI: Landing track locked.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 CASSIAN: We\'92re landing. We\'92re coming in!\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 JYN: Saw Gerrera used to say,1 fighter with a sharp stick and nothing left to lose can take the day. They have no idea we\'92re coming. They have no reason to expect us. If we can make it to the ground, we\'92ll take the next chance. And the next.On and on until we win... or the chances are spent. The Death Star plans are down there.Cassian,K2, and I will find them. We\'92ll find a way to find them.\'a0\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 CASSIAN: Melshi, Pao, Baze, Chirrut, you\'92ll take main squad, move east and get wide of the ship. Find a position between here and the tower.Once you get to the best spot, light the place up. Make ten men feel like a hundred.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 BAZE: All right.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 CASSIAN: And get those troopers away from us.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 BODHI: What should I do?\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 CASSIAN: Keep the engine running. You\'92re our only way out of here.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb3 STORMTROOPER: Cargo shuttle SW-0608, be prepared to receive inspection team.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 JYN: Ready?\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 OFFICER: Hello.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 BODHI: Hey, you\'92re probably looking for a manifest.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 OFFICER: That would be helpful.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 BODHI: It\'92s just down here.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb3 PILOT: Director Krennic, we are entering the Scarif shield gate. General Ramda has been informed of your arrival.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb3 BAZE: Good luck, little sister.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 BODHI: Go! Go now, you\'92re clear!\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 MELSHI: All right, let\'92s go. Come on. Move, move, move.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 K2-SO: I have a bad feeling about\'85\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 CASSIAN: Kay!\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 JYN ERSO: Quiet.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 K2-SO: What?\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb3 CASSIAN: We need a map.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 K2-SO: Well, I\'92m sure there\'92s one just lying about.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 CASSIAN: You know what you have to do.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb3 MELSHI: One per pad. Pick your spot. We want to draw them out. I\'92ll call the timing. Go!\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 STORMTROOPER: Hey, did you hear the rumors?\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 STORMTROOPER:Yeah, the T-15s have been marked obsolete.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 STORMTROOPER:Oh boy, it\'92s about time for that.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 STORMTROOPER: Hey.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 STORMTROOPER: Watch out.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 STORMTROOPER: What the...?\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb3 RAMDA: Director, what brings you to Scarif?\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 KRENNIC: Galen Erso, I want every dispatch, every transmission he has ever sent called up for inspection.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 RAMDA: All of them?\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 KRENNIC: Yes. All of them. Get started.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb3 CASSIAN: Kay?\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 K2-SO: Our optimal route to the data vault places only 89 stormtroopers in our path. We will make it no more than 33% of the way before we are killed.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 CASSIAN: Melshi, talk to me.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 MELSHI: Ready, ready. Standing by.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 CASSIAN: Light it up.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb3 KRENNIC: Are we blind?Deploy the garrison! Move!\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb3 TONC: Troopers! Troopers. Troopers on the left!\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb3 ROMODI: Sir? Scarif base, they\'92re reporting a rebel incursion.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 TARKIN: I want to speak to Director Krennic.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 ROMODI: He\'92s there, sir. On Scarif.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 TARKIN: The original plans for this station are kept there, are they not?\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 ROMODI: They are.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 TARKIN: Prepare for the jump to hyperspace and inform Lord Vader.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb3 OFFICER: Can I help you?\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 K2-SO: That won\'92t be necessary.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb3 REBEL: Senator! Senator.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 MERRICK: Stop right there, Private.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 MON MOTHMA: Let him speak.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 REBEL: Intercepted Imperial transmission, ma\'92am. Rebels on Scarif. MON MOTHMA: I need to speak to Admiral Raddus.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 REBEL: He\'92s returned to his ship.He\'92s gone to fight.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb3 REBEL: No!\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb3 PA: Attention all flight personnel,please report to your commanders immediately. Attention all flight personnel, please report to your commanders immediately. We have been redirected to Scarif. Pilots, you\'92ll be briefed by your squadron leaders on route.May the Force be with you.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 C-3PO: Scarif?They\'92re going to Scarif? Why does nobody ever tell me anything, Artoo? [R2 beeps] Yeah, nobody tells us anything.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb3 MELSHI: Fall back! Fall back!\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 CHIRRUT: Keep drawing them out!\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 MELSHI: Go. Go. Move. Move.Come on, move up!\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb3 IMPERIAL: Pad 12 report to ground. Coming at our flank, we\'92re outnumbered.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 IMPERIAL: Pad 12 team, what\'92s going on down there. Status, please. All Pads report in immediately.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 IMPERIAL:Unknown, we have rebels everywhere.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 IMPERIAL: We\'92re taking fire, Pad 12, Pad 14 request assistance.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 BODHI: This is Pad 2, Pad 2. I spot 40 rebels heading west on Pad 2. Get on there, tell him pinned down by rebels on Pad 5.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 TONC: This is Pad 5, we\'92re being overrun. Help us!\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 IMPERIAL: Pad 12, Pad 10, Pad 8, please confirm.Confirm and report. Get reinforcements down to Pad 5 immediately!\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb3 CASSIAN: This is not working, Kay.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 K2-SO: Right hand.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb3 CHIRRUT: Baze! Baze!\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 BAZE: What?\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 CHIRRUT: Run! REBEL:Retreat. Retreat!\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb3 RADDUS: This is Admiral Raddus of the Rebel Alliance. All Squadron leaders report in.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 MERRICK: Admiral, this is Blue Leader standing by.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 GOLD LEADER: This is Gold Leader, standing by.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 RED LEADER: This is Red Leader, standing by.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb3 IMPERIAL CREW MEMBER: Sir, those are rebel ships.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 IMPERIAL LIEUTENANT: Get Admiral Gorin, immediately.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb3 ADEMA: Director, the rebel fleet, it\'92s amassing outside the shield.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 KRENNIC: Lock down the base. Lock down.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 ADEMA: And close the shield?\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 KRENNIC: Do it!\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb3 RADDUS: Red and Gold squadron, attack formations. Defend the fleet. Blue squadron, get to the surface before they closed that gate.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 MERRICK: Copy, your Admiral. Blue squadron, on me.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 BLUE FOUR: Copy, Blue Leader.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 BLUE FIVE: Copy, Blue Leader.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 BLUE EIGHT: We won\'92t have long.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 SHIELD GATE OFFICER: Close the field aperture now. Close it!\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 BLUE SIX: Come on, come on, come on!\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 BLUE FOUR: Pull up!\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb3 K2-SO: Rebel fleet has arrived.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 JYN: What?\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 K2-SO: There\'92s fighting on the beach, they\'92ve locked down the base, they\'92ve closed the shield gate.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 JYN: What does that mean? We\'92re trapped?\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 K2-SO: We could transmit the plans to the rebel fleet. We\'92d have to get a signal out to tell them it\'92s coming.It\'92s the size of the data files. That\'92s the problem.They\'92ll never get through.Someone has to take that shield gate down.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 CASSIAN: Bodhi.Bodhi, can you hear me?Bodhi, tell me you\'92re out there. Bodhi!\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 BODHI: Hello, I\'92m here. We\'92re standing by. They\'92ve started fighting, the base is on lockdown!\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 CASSIAN: I know, listen to me!The rebel fleet is up there.You\'92ve got to tell them to blow a hole in the shield gate so we can transmit the plans.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 BODHI: Wait, I can\'92t. I\'92m not hooked into the comm tower. We\'92re not tied in.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 CASSIAN: It\'92s the only way we\'92re getting them out of here. Find a way! Cover our backs.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 JYN ERSO: You\'92ll need this. You wanted one, right?\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 K2-SO: Your behavior, Jyn Erso, is continually unexpected.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 CASSIAN: Jyn. Come on.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb3 AT-ACT PILOT: Fire on my command.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 BAZE: Look!\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb3 BODHI: Get ready. We\'92re going to have to go out there.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 REBEL:What\'92re you doing?\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 BODHI:They closed the shield gate, we\'92re stuck here. But, the rebel fleet is pulling in.We just have to get a signal strong enough to get through to them and let them know we\'92re trapped down here. For that, we have to connect to the communications tower. Now, I can patch us in over here, the landing pad but you have to get on the radio, get one of the guys out there to find a master switch. Get them to activate the connection between us and that comm tower. REBEL: Okay.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 BODHI: Then go!\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb3 RADDUS:What\'92s going on down there, Lieutenant?\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 LIEUTENANT: Unknown, sir. We can\'92t raise them. All rebel frequencies are blocked.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 RADDUS: Keep trying. Engage those Star Destroyers and let\'92s start probing that shield.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 LIEUTENANT: Yes, sir.\'a0\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 RED LEADER: We\'92re going in.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 RED LEADER:Stay with me.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 K2-SO: Schematics bank, Data tower two.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 CASSIAN: How do I find that?\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 K2-SO: Searching. I can locate the tape, but you\'92ll need the handles for extraction.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 CASSIAN: What are we supposed to do with these? Whoa.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 K2-SO: Well, finally.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 STORMTROOPER: Wait, stop.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 K2-SO:The rebels! They went over there.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 CASSIAN: Kay. What\'92s going on out there?\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 K2-SO: There\'92s one. Oh well.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 RED PILOT:Come on!\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 VANDER: Red Leader, this is Gold Leader, we\'92re starting our attack run on the shield gate. Keep it tight and watch out for those towers.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 GOLD PILOT: More fighters. Form up, at 65.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 LIEUTENANT: Sir, enemy fighters coming in.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb3 TONC: Melshi. Melshi, come in, are you there? Bodhi will send a signal from here. He\'92s patching us in.But you guys have to open up a line for the tower.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 MELSHI: How? Please advise.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 TONC: There\'92s a master switch to the base of the Comm tower.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 MELSHI: Master switch, describe, what are we looking for?\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 TONC: What does it look like? The master switch? Where is it?\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb3 MERRICK: Two wings, reinforce those troops on the beach. All fighters, on me. We have to shield them from air attack.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 BLUE ELEVEN: Troop reinforcements.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 REBEL MARINE: Here we go. For Jedha!\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 MARINE: Jedha!\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb3 RED PILOT: We have no effect on that shield. GOLD PILOT: How much more can that thing take?\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 RED PILOT: Stick close, Red 5, where are you going?\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 RED 5: I\'92m trying to lose them. This is Red 5, I need help!\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb3 JYN: Hyperspace Tracking, Navigational Systems.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 K2-SO: Two screens down. Structural Engineering, open that one!\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb3 MERRICK: I got one on my tail.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 BLUE:I\'92m on it.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb3 JYN: Project code names: Stellarsphere. Mark Omega. Pax Aurora. War-Mantle. Cluster-Prism.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Black-Saber.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 CASSIAN: What?\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 JYN ERSO: Stardust. That\'92s it.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 CASSIAN: How do you know that?\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 JYN ERSO: I know because it\'92s me.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb3 STORMTROOPER: Hey, you. Identify yourself.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 BODHI: I can explain.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 STORMTROOPER: Incoming fire, take cover!\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb3 CASSIAN: Kay, we need the file for Stardust!\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 K2-SO: Stardust.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 JYN: That\'92s it.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 CASSIAN: Kay.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 K2-SO: Climb.Climb. You can still send the plans to the fleet. If they open the shield gate, you can broadcast from the tower! Locking the vault door now.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 CASSIAN: Kay.Kay!\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 K2-SO: Good bye.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 CASSIAN: Kay!\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb3 ADEMA: Sir, unauthorized access at the data vault.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 KRENNIC: What.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 ADEMA: It\'92s just come in, sir.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 KRENNIC: Send my guard squadron into battle! Two men with me now! Get that beach under control!\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb3 CASSIAN: Bodhi?Are you there? Have you got the switch?\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 BODHI: I can\'92t get to the shuttle, I can\'92t plug in!\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 CASSIAN: You have to! They have to hit that gate. If the shield\'92s open, we can send the plans!\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb3 BLUE\'a0: General, behind you!\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 REBEL: Take them out.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb3 JYN:Step back.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb3 BLUE ELEVEN: We\'92re going down!\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 REBEL: Come on! Look out.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb3 BODHI: Melshi.Melshi, come in please.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 MELSHI: I\'92m tied in at my end, I just need an open line. Hang on. The master switch, it\'92s over at that console. I\'92m going!\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \'a0JYN: I\'92ve got it.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 CASSIAN: Careful!You okay?\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 CASSIAN:Jyn!\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb3 CHIRRUT: I\'92m one with the Force and the Force is with me. I\'92m one with the Force and the Force is with me.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 BAZE: Chirrut!\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 CHIRRUT: I\'92m one with the Force and the Force is with me. I\'92m one with the Force and the Force is with me. I\'92m one with the Force and the Force is with me. I\'92m one with the Force and the Force is with me. I\'92m one with the Force and the Force is with me. I\'92m one with the Force and the Force is with me.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 BAZE: Chirrut, come back!\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 BODHI: Yes!\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb3 CASSIAN: Keep going.Keep going!\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 JYN: Cassian.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb3 BAZE: Chirrut, come! Come with me!\'a0\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 BAZE: Chirrut!Chirrut, don\'92t go. Don\'92t go.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 BAZE: I\'92m here.I\'92m here.It\'92s okay.It\'92s okay.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 CHIRRUT: Look for the Force\'85\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 BAZE: Chirrut.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 CHIRRUT: \'85and you will always find me. The Force is with me. I\'92m one with the Force. The Force is with me. I\'92m one with the Force. The Force is with me.\'a0\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 BAZE: and I\'92m one with the Force.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb3 LIEUTENTANT Deflector shield\'92s down to 50%, we\'92re sustaining heavy damage.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 RADDUS: There\'92s no turning back now, we have to press the attack.\'a0\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 GOLD LEADER: Hit that opening.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 GOLD NINE: We see it, Gold Leader. Ion torpedoes away.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 STAR DESTROYER CAPTAIN: What\'92s happening?\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 IMPERIAL CREW MEMBER: We\'92ve lost engine power, sir.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 RADDUS: That Star Destroyer is disabled.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 BODHI: This is Rogue One, calling any Alliance ships that can hear me! Is there anybody up there? This is Rogue One! Come in, over.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 RADDUS: This is Admiral Raddus, Rogue One, we hear you!\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 BODHI: We have the plans! They found the Death Star plans. They have to transmit them from the communications tower! You have to take down the shield gate. It\'92s the only way to going to get them through!\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 RADDUS: Call up a Hammerhead corvette. I have an idea. Standby, Rogue One, we\'92re on it.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 BODHI: This is for you, Galen.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb3 BAZE: The Force is with me. I\'92m one with the Force.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb3 HAMMERHEAD CAPTAIN: Corvette 5, locked on target. Prepare for impact.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 HAMMERHEAD CAPTAIN: Sublight thrusters, full power!\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb3 COMPUTER: Reset antenna alignment.Reset antenna alignment.Reset antenna alignment. Reset antenna alignment.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 GORIN: Reverse engines, full power!\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb3 COMPUTER: Antenna alignment. Ready to transmit.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 KRENNIC: Who are you?\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 JYN ERSO: You know who I am. I\'92m Jyn Erso. Daughter of Galen and Lyra. You\'92ve lost.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 KRENNIC: Oh, I have, have I?\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 JYN ERSO: My father\'92s revenge. He built a flaw in the Death Star. He put a fuse in the middle of your machine and I\'92ve just told the entire galaxy how to light it.\'a0\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 KRENNIC: The shield is up, your signal will never reach the rebel base. All you ships in here will be destroyed. I lose nothing but time. YOU on the other hand die with the Rebellion.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb3 COMPUTER: Transmitting. Transmitting.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb3 LIEUTENANT: Admiral, receiving transmission from Scarif.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb3 CASSIAN:Hey, leave it. Leave it. That\'92s it.That\'92s it. Let\'92s go.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb3 COMPUTER: Transmission received.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 LIEUTENANT: Admiral, we have the plans!\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 RADDIS: She did it.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb3 CASSIAN: Do you think, anybody is listening?\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 JYN: I do. Someone\'92s out there.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb3 LIEUTENANT: Sir, we\'92re detecting a massive object emerging from hyperspace.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb3 ROMODI: Sir, shall I begin targeting their fleet?\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 TARKIN: Lord Vader will handle the fleet. Target the base at Scarif. Single reactor ignition. ROMODI: Yes, sir.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 TARKIN: You may fire when ready.\'a0\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 ROMODI: Commence primary ignition.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 RADDUS: Rogue One, may the Force be with you. All ships, prepare for jump to hyperspace!\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb3 JYN: I\'92m glad you came.\'a0\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 CASSIAN: You father would have been proud of you, Jyn.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb3 CORSSIN: The rebel flag ship is disabled, my lord, but has received transmission from the surface.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 DARTH VADER: Prepare a boarding party.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 CORSSIN: Yes, my lord.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb3 REBEL: Hurry!\'a0\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 REBEL 2: Let\'92s go!\'a0\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 REBEL 1: We got to go now.\'a0\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 REBEL: Hurry, let\'92s go.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 REBEL: It\'92s stuck.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 REBEL: Hey, help!\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 REBEL: Open fire!\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 REBEL: Help us!\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 REBEL: It\'92s jammed.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 REBEL: Pull it!\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 REBEL: Here. Here. Take it! Take it.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 REBEL: LAUNCH!\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb3 CAPTAIN ANTILLES: Make sure you secure the airlock. And prepare the escape pods.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 CAPTAIN ANTILLES: Your Highness. The transmission we received. What is it they\'92ve sent us?\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 LEIA: Hope.\cb1 \
}